docs: Add additional hint for SCHEDULE (#4377)
os-autoinst/openQA: docs/WritingTests.asciidoc

Normally the test schedule, that is which test modules should be executed and
which order, is prescribed by the `main.pm` file within the test distribution.
Additionally it is possible to exclude certain test modules from execution
using the os-autoinst test variables `INCLUDE_MODULES` and `EXCLUDE_MODULES`

> as well as define a custom schedule using the test variable `SCHEDULE`. Also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as well as defining a custom schedule using the test variable `SCHEDULE`. Also
```

Reviewer 2: I'd leave it because `...exclude.......define....` should match

Reviewer: My English grammar parser demands a noun after "as well as …".

Author: I rephrased  to avoid that misunderstanding

test modules can be defined and overridden on-the-fly using a downloadable
asset. For example for the common test distribution
https://github.com/os-autoinst/os-autoinst-distri-opensuse[os-autoinst-distri-opensuse]
one could use `SCHEDULE=tests/boot/boot_to_desktop,tests/console/my_test` for
a much faster test execution that can boot an existing system and only execute
the intended test module.

https://github.com/os-autoinst/os-autoinst/blob/master/doc/backend_vars.asciidoc

> describes the mentioned test parameters as well as more in details. Please

Reviewer: ```suggestion
describes the mentioned test parameters in more detail. Please
```

Author: That's not what I wanted to say. I wanted to say that it describes the mentioned test parameters but also more, like other test parameters. How about "describes in detail the mentioned test parameters and more"?

Reviewer: Sounds good.
